Valance: Damn it, this shitty weather’s as cold as the seawater that drowned those bastards.
Valance: Hope they died slow and messy.

[Valance seems allergic to the word "warmth." His family went bankrupt during the bubble economy, and his parents, right after he was born, drove their convertible off a cliff into the sea, taking their own lives.]

Valance: Tch, got a fat stack from the boss, thought I’d be crashing in some fancy mansion. How the hell did I end up in this dump?

[Anyone looking to do business or snoop around would be scared off by how desolate this place is. No way someone coming here has a single big bill in their pocket.]

Valance: Goddamn new committee rules. Freezing my ass off, and I can’t even use those scumbags as punching bags to warm up.

[Some slick-talking lion from the mafia management committee convinced the elders to replace violence with "sexual control," claiming it’s a more refined, fitting way to flex mafia power.]

[Sometimes Valance thinks literate types have it easy these days—no need to bleed, just flap their lips and make life hell for everyone else.]

Valance: Bullshit spokesmen, bullshit policies. No matter how pretty they talk, I’m still stuck here without a drop of hot soup to warm me up.

[Kicks the door open, slams it shut, facing his target. In the movies, the protagonist would toss out a cool one-liner to the camera, but Valance knows he’s not that clever.]
[After all, he’s just a cold-blooded debt collector, and thanks to the new rules, he can’t even pull off B-movie gore tactics.]

Valance: Enough already. With all that money, you couldn’t find a place without holes to hide in?

[Facing the intruder, the debtor fox doesn’t wet himself in fear. Instead, he rubs his grimy paws together, gearing up for a speech.]

Billiy: Please, please, hear me out! I’ll pay back the bank soon. Our dealer struck a deal with buyers—fifty thousand units…
Billiy: Sir, think about it! Once the trains in Saint Delta start rolling, our goods will spread to every corner of New Carthage. Then I’ll clear the debt and interest in one go!
Billiy: Just… just a little more time…

Valance: What kind of nonsense are you spewing? I’m here to collect the debt or teach you a lesson!

[The panther, already brimming with rage, grabs the fox by the collar, ripping his wrinkled shirt to shreds, then snatches his big bushy tail to keep him from bolting.]

Billiy: No, listen to me! I swear, just a little more time!

Valance: [Sneezes] Damn it, instead of wasting breath, why don’t you grab that hammer over there and fix that goddamn hole in the wall!

Billiy: Sir, s-since you’re so cold, why not wear something warmer?

Valance: Tch, how I dress is none of your business!
Valance: Whatever, I’ll fix it myself, out of the goodness of my heart.

[He patches up the hole in the wall, and the room’s not quite as freezing anymore. His foul mood eases up a bit.]

Billiy: Thanks?

Valance: Don’t get it twisted. Just makes it easier to collect from you. My boss is pretty lenient—might give you a bit of leeway.

Billiy: Oh, thank you so much! Can you, uh, let go of me now?

Valance: Hey, I’m not done talking! The bank might give you extra time, but you’ve gotta show some sincerity, got it? No free lunch—interest, more interest! Understand?

Billiy: B-but, the interest is already—

Valance: What, this small change too much for your rich boyfriend to handle?

Billiy: He’s not my boyfriend, and—

Valance: Oh? You two swore your family property was collateral, just a temporary loan. Now you’re changing your tune?

Billiy: Because he’s not my boyfriend!


[Valance spots the toys by the window and the gay porn mags on the floor, instantly clocking the real deal between the two foxes who negotiated together.]

Valance: Yelling loud enough to give me a heart attack? Shit, with that giant fake dick sitting in this dump, you’re into guys, no question!

Billiy: M-my roommate’s coming back soon, and our business—

Valance: Perfect. Our boss needs two more for his card game. Till then, you’d better behave, and I need some cash for my trouble.

[The fox pinned beneath him is terrified, but the bulge in his pants betrays his preferences.]
[Fluffy tail, a tie hanging over a well-built chest, not to mention those chiseled abs.]

Valance: Heh, you’re the bottom, huh? No romance in a dump like this, but I’m not picky about the setting.

[He presses hard against the fox’s abs, feeling a solid body and silky fur—damn comfortable to the touch.]

Billiy: This place is just temporary, and we really don’t have much cash…

[Done with the fox’s blabbering, Valance grabs his nipple, watching him shudder in pain, a sadistic grin spreading across his face.]

Valance: Little bitch, this whimpering suits you way better than your big talk!

Billiy: Ngh, ahh…

Valance: You know the new rules—I can’t string you up on a lamppost like the old days. But if you service me right, make me happy, we can work something out.

Billiy: Whimpers What new rules?! You’ll scare my roommate! If he calls the cops, you’ll be in deeper shit! The mafia committee banned violent debt collection—ngh!

[The fox avoids eye contact, but Valance knows this guy’s into it, like he’s egging him on to make something happen.]

Valance: You said he’s just a roommate. The new rules won’t make things too serious-he’s got no reason to snitch.

Billiy: What do I have to do for you to let me go?

Valance: For a conman, you’re pretty bad at this. From the moment you got hard under me, you gave yourself away. You know you want it.

Billiy: Does it have to be the new rules?

Valance: What, you prefer the old ones?

Billiy: No, no, that’s not it.

Valance: Then we follow the new rules. We’ve wasted enough time!

Billiy: Wait! One more thing-I need another loan, fifty grand! Just fifty grand!

Valance: Fine, fine!

[Valance strips off his shirt, glances at the porn mag, and feels a rush of heat from its hardcore content, his cheeks flushing red.]

Valance: Holy shit, you’re one hell of a freak. I’m starting to think you should be paying me for this!

[Ripping off the fox’s pants, Valance grabs his left leg, forcing him to expose his pink, tender hole. The fox lets out some damn fine noises in the process.]
[His cock, freed from the confines of his underwear, is already rock-hard, leaking precum like he’s been waiting for this forever.]

Valance: You slut, my cock’s so thick it slides right in without prep! Fuck, you’re wet and tight!
Valance: That monster on the windowsill’s been getting some use, huh?

Billiy: Nngh! That’s not mine! Aah!

Valance: Think I’m an idiot? I’ve fucked virgins before! But this hole of yours? Damn, it’s good. I’m loving it!

Billiy: Cough Easy! Don’t shove it all in at once!

Valance: Shut it! Clamp down harder! Suck it in! I know you’re loving this!

[The moment his tip presses into the fox’s hole, Valance knows he’s struck gold. This fox can take his massive cock like it’s nothing, and the panther’s so worked up, hot breath keeps pouring out of his mouth.]

Valance: Huff Ha! Little bitch, you’re handling this like a pro! I’m balls-deep and you’re fine—still saying that fake dick isn’t yours?
Valance: I know exactly what I’m capable of! My cock’s huge! Way better than that toy, right? Hell yeah!

[The dildo on the windowsill is massive, and compared to the fox’s frame, it’s clear his ass is no stranger to action. That’s exactly why Valance is so pumped-he can go at his own pace.]

Billiy: Mmh, ahh! So hot! It’s too big, too rough! I’m gonna break!

[The fox acts like a virgin—panicked, squirming—but his ass grips tight, moving in perfect rhythm, precum dripping endlessly from his hole.]
[It’s obvious he knows how to please.]

Valance: Relax, I know my limits. If I break you, I can’t collect, so just enjoy the ride!

[Completely ignoring the guy he’s fucking, Valance does whatever the hell he wants, as always. He doesn’t even notice the door creak open, another fox standing there, shocked, watching his partner get railed by the panther.]

Billiy: Aah! I can’t take it!
Billiy: Fuck, it feels so good! Shit! Why’s it so good?! I didn’t even want this!

[It’s not a cry for help. The fox knows damn well his so-called “roommate” is standing at the door. The room reeks of the panther’s dominance.]
[And the fox knows his abs, stretched tight from Valance’s pounding, are a sight his boyfriend could never pull off.]

Valance: Didn’t want it? You trying to rile me up? Your little boyfriend could never make you feel like this!

[Great actor, terrible liar, amazing in bed, shitty businessman—Valance feels used, but it’s not a bad deal for him.]

Billiy: Nngh! He’s not that rough!

Valance: Exactly why he can’t make you scream like I do! Like this!

Billiy: Aah! So deep! It hurts! It’s so good!

[The other guy doesn’t barge in to stop it. Instead, he’s quietly jerking off in the corner. The fox’s lust is burning hotter than ever.]

Valance: Yeah, that’s right! My size, my skills—those lowlife punks can’t compare.

[The room’s thick with the stench of sex. Valance’s sweat drips down his chiseled muscles, pooling on the floor.]

Valance: Come on, say it—I’m the best you’ve ever had!

Billiy: Cough No, ugh! Nngh…

Valance: Oh, like that? Fine, then your little request is off the table.

Billiy: Wait! I’ll say it!
Billiy: You’re… you’re the best I’ve ever had! Your cock’s the biggest I’ve ever taken!

Valance: There we go! I’m liking you more and more!

Billiy: Y-you, don’t cum inside! I won’t have time to clean up!

[Valance is having the time of his life, the urge to blow his load growing stronger.]

Valance: That’s your problem, not mine!
Valance: Watch me fill you up!

Billiy: Aah! No! You’re filling me! So hot! So much!
Billiy: Fuck! I’m gonna cum too!

[The fox can feel every pulse of Valance’s powerful release, hitting a high he’s never felt before, cumming right along with the panther.]
[Just as Valance said, he’s filled to the brim. One small flex of his abs, and a flood of thick, hot cum gushes out of his hole.]

Valance: Huff Not bad, Wednesday night, 11:30 PM, back alley of the Blue Dome Motel. I’ll get you what you need.

[Valance leaves without a second thought—job’s done, and he’s got to report back to his boss.]
[It’ll take a while to get back to his turf, after all.]

Carl: Uh, hey, babe, what happened here?

Billiy: Babe, I know you were watching. Did seeing me get fucked turn you on that much? Huh?

Carl: I… I don’t know what you’re talking about!

